michael
i've known you since you were a child
you the gift
you always have if there's an answer to
your disease
you'll find it
i should have died years ago
why am i still here if not to fix this
i have a rare blood disease and i'm
running out of time
this can be my last chance
[Music]
you're up to something what is it
that's not exactly legal
i want to see you get hurt more than you
already have
this would be a cure
at what cost
okay
[Music]
strength and speed
the ability to use echolocation
even overpowering urge to consume blood
how far are we allowed to go
we'll fix something that's broken
until the remedy
is worse than the disease
michael morbius got tired of doing the
whole good guy thing huh
what's up doc
why would i betray you we all have our
secrets
we just didn't get to yours yet
the world is arming faster than we can
respond
where's double o seven
i need a favor brother you're the only
one i trust for this
the world's moved on commander bond you
were double o
two years so stay in your lane
you get in my way i will put a bullet in
your knee
the one that works i thought you two
would get along
name bond
james thought so you're not dead
hello pew i've missed you it's the most
valuable asset this country has
if you feel yourself losing control i'm
not going to lose
patrol
james you gave up everything for her
when our secret finds its way out it'll
be the death of him
what is it you don't know what this is
[Music]
james bond license to kill
history of violence
i could be speaking to my own reflection
only your skills die with your body
mind will survive long after i'm gone
history isn't kind to men who play god
[Music]
uh
oh
mondays am i right joe you said it guy
yeah
don't have a good day have a great day
everybody
hey bud you ever think that there's got
to be more
more than what the stuff we do day after
day
being shot at run over
take it hostage
today's gonna be different hi
god this isn't you you don't do this man
maybe i do
you this is scary
he's just resting in pieces that man
is dead he's so sleepy
but it's just
[Music]
wow oh my god
is this what recreational drugs feel
like
[Music]
guy this world it's a video game
and it's full of bad guys i'm a rule
breaker
i'm a rattle chick snaker
we need you to be the good guy
is that a glock in your pocket no what
it's two blocks oh
[Music]
i'm not gonna be the good guy i'm gonna
be the great guy
okay well enjoy your lifetime supply of
virginity
i used to live my life a quarter mile at
a time
but things changed
oh father now i will always be
in your heart little brian
i have a gift for you your daddy gave me
this
no i'm gonna give it to you it's very
special
it's for protection from what's coming
all right dom what's next
no matter how fast you are
i am not to be compared to you no one
outruns their past
i am more easy you trying your best
caught up to me been a long time
[Music]
so we're up against a master thief
assassin high performance driver
who is he
jacob is dom's brother
your whole life you pushed yourself to
be faster than don
smarter than don stronger than don
but could you kill him
because i'm ready if you are
[Music]
there's nothing more powerful than the
lover family but you turn that
into anger there's nothing more
dangerous
maybe this is the end but we're gonna go
out together
you know i'd ride to the death with you
let's get to work
please tell me that's not a pontiac
fiero strapped to a rocket engine
impressive i know no
no that's that's not impressive
i came here to take you down little
brother that's your mistake
this is my world
[Music]
damn they got a magnet plane hold on
tell me you're not thinking what i think
you're thinking there's no bridge
oh hell no
break it down hey guys
surprise nice clubhouse
your instructor is one of the finest
pilots this program has ever produced
[Music]
his exploits or legendary
what he has to teach you may very well
mean the difference between life
and death
your reputation precedes you i have to
admit i wasn't expecting an invitation
back
they're called orders maverick
[Music]
[Applause]
good morning aviators this is your
captain speaking today's exercise is dog
fighting
two versus one he's gotta be kidding
[Music]
smoke in the air
so
[Music]
all i have for you is a word
tenant it'll open the right doors
some of the wrong ones too
use it carefully
[Music]
to do what i do i need some idea of the
threat we face
as i understand it we're trying to
prevent world war iii
i'm not saying armageddon here no
something worse
i gather you have an interest in a
certain
russian national
you might just bring me in do you really
want to know
he can communicate with the future
time travel no
inversion aim it and pull the trigger
yeah shooting the bullet you're catching
it
oh well i've seen too much
well we'll try and keep up
your duty transcends national interests
this is about survival
it seems bold old i'm fine but i thought
you were going to say nuts
is where our worlds collide
how would you like to die old
you chose the wrong profession
[Music]
well happen here hasn't happened yet
there are people in the future who need
us
i need a tenant we need to save them
here and now
it's reversing the flow of time
wasn't us being here now and it never
happened
you want to crash a plane we're not from
the air no it's so dramatic
well how big a plane
that part is a little dramatic
i
[Music]
is this clark this uh interstellar comic
right
big news i don't see clark
oh maybe he's still sleeping dad
some of clark's larger fragments are now
expected to enter our atmosphere
that's right and now these are just what
are they saying it's more of the same
[Music]
where are they going
i don't know when the first chunks is
about to hit
only part of it let's go in the ocean
would you
look at that
wait where's the explosion
we now are getting word that the
fragment has hit
central florida wait
are some more pieces gonna hit come on
let's go
put the skies on fire two days
they got it all wrong there's a ton of
fragments planet killers
space agencies are predicting an
extinction level event
we're gonna be together all right get em
we're just trying to get to safety
they've been tracking the military
flights to bunkers and greenlight
it's their only chance
[Music]
will hit in less than 24 hours
i
[Music]
if you are hearing this broadcast seek
shelter immediately
listen what's going on
hang on
immediately seek shelter immediately
[Music]
what are you doing here in somerville
anyway honestly
my mom won't say it but we're completely
broke
and the only thing that's left in our
name is this creepy old farmhouse our
grandfather left us in the middle of
nowhere
why'd you bring me up here entertainment
value
what is that i don't know
somehow a town that isn't anywhere near
a tectonic plate that has no fault lines
no fracking no loud music even
is shaking on a daily basis
under the dining table now
hey remember that one summer we died on
our table
i found this in my living room whoa
killer replica
a replica of what a ghost trap
there hasn't been a ghost sighting in 30
years
new york in the 80s it's like the
walking dead
your dad never mentioned this to you
it's just my mom
my grandfather died
my mom says we're just here to pick
through the rebel of his life
wait a minute
who are you
[Music]
call it fake
call it lock
[Music]
call it karma
i believe that everything happens for a
reason
come on darling
it has a gunner seat
[Music]
my flock this will not be
a war of heroes
nations will slaughter each other while
we
get rich
this is going to be fun
you cannot keep me locked away as the
world burns
son the truth is the world is ruled
by corruption and greed we must do
something
certainly
[Music]
we are the first independent
intelligence agency
refined but brutal civilized
but merciless
welcome to the club very clever
it's time to pour fuel
[Music]
on the fire of revolution
yes my shepherd
welcome englishman
rasputin your reputation precedes you
[Music]
let's end this as gentlemen after all
manners
why is it that boys are always so messy
[Music]
a lot of people are wondering what
happened last night with you and the boy
if you touch me you will burn
eric your embassy has sent some people
to take you back to america
[Music]
just get in the car
you cannot reach a city you do agree
with me right you've seen what he's done
here i saw it with my own eyes
you're lucky to be alive
sometimes i just get these visions i see
things well like they're different
worlds right i can walk around i can
touch things i can feel things i feel
the wind i feel the heat
i'm not saying he's a bad person
i don't care what he is we need to get
him under control
get out of there as quickly as you can
i think something happened that nobody
quite understands yet
you